let's get ready
sure yeah okay um what kid I don't even
know the kid to go in this moment oh
definitely I'll their former by drunk
nine let's go scrub day yeah how did
internet 3210 does look was not instead
of the minecraft so game Zemp today i'm
with the rumble grumble that car has
serious the other i am yes I'm going for
the change let's play by the way okay I
went scrubbed nine so i should be fine
scrub the Red Dragons not scrub i know i
love it though they're just like is like
man on windows quite like it then chain
lakes is a food before we go but that's
not all right yes I get chain leggings
well to get not a silly um kind of
moment I get level just buy leather
leggings on camera on how much i get
that off I must I don't press space I'm
swimming I my home lad hey Pat how is
your seal oh hey what's you oh ok it's
really weird enough verbally used to it
yet is that you all day chest yeah i'm
in my homeland don't worry oh I was
helping you I was her I'll help it oh
I'm boost that was that was not helping
I was the opposite of helping Moreno
Tanaka but not run River their fight how
come you're not taking any damage I
don't get this Oh night you want to go
no actually I'm more armor than you so
suck it okay Oh Tim to take that you
scrub I do a stone sword yeah man oh my
god that's so good that's the overall
Opie like yeah let there for the bus in
a chain and stuff yet hey chest but yeah
and lyman helmet as I mean oh my gosh
yeah run to chain legs on on one side
and boom you like Opie food you know
mrs. Collier there we go oh you got me
some teen likes man come on click good
rst comp wrong oh that's cute wait what
happened he could rod it was it did
other Vicki do
I was sprint I want these pink leggings
he was level he was six so I was a happy
well he wasn't sprinting too much maybe
he killed someone with them oh yeah cuz
he was not VIP and he can get like fire
um blaze or whatever Liam's you it let's
go in chant give Nash don't story by the
way I want to got my one okay guys I
already need to like make an f5 counter
for a video some but I do it too much I
do have five a lot I just like I'm
always doing it like I do even one m CH
t because like oh so do I because it's
like cats be more where were your eyes
in water when you have a compass and
stuff so pretty much second source
behind you unique like four shot and
then chtr near Leslie yeah yeah wow it's
too since tonight yeah rival get him did
he just shoot while running I don't know
equal he's just like shot an arrow while
running did you have a star sword no we
didn't gosh darn it dang oh yeah we have
some friends coming over really okay
we've got we've got three friends
actually to be precise my god but it is
a double team and then clean up wait up
that was may not her gonna go oh that
was like the most kind of we didn't take
a single heart of damage no this running
mugshot move on now mr. okay look at me
no I mr. Opie look at me may I got
diamond tower we have the same exact
protection really I'll go free levels so
could get like these your two and half
off right I'm two and a half of nine
levels take that sucker right it get
wrecked that's like fair use 10 you're a
cheater okay protected protection all
protections gross I just saw protection
boss particular besides my chest plate
because that was oriented yeah actually
know what I'm going to do I will go pick
up my change just played again I may I
got resistant so I'm gonna win de Acho
be stopped are you serious oh my gosh he
would you resistance Italy like so scary
though the seafoam enchanted I honestly
that would be a hell up oh my god better
a protection one chain chest plate or an
iron chestplate chick someone chain of
resume do you think so cuz it's a half a
heart better ya know but this is going
down here I'm not compatible but I go oh
I want chat my boat too I'm receiving a
scar he's done he's got power Weinhold
lets just hear me death blood Oh to
boodam it as well fuck it that was funny
oh that's from the night I'd yet know
what cuz the only damage I've taken is
when you were punching me I was like
half off the cab really I did I think
the Opera nice to see I don't know a way
oh I thought that was def much yeah
definite ok no resistance posh just want
this bear no no no you could drink it
one more person the guy yeah the like
after that hey Wow doesn't alone yo yo
huh thanks Jim he's gonna go like blush
with it yeah it totally oh hi let's go
kill you watch how much you at all it's
it's sooo yeah we did a blast protection
on our chest plates yeah most creatures
do nothing oh poor guy look at this and
I'm Deema tf7 talget septa like you're
blocking a vaca kuzey get chooses a
teammate is gonna choose me choose me
okay pick this oh thanks Ellis funny we
were just like blocking choices rocketed
like it okay are you ready for this
let's get rid of reg in a race five
right oh no I'm ready to get ready now
you're here i'm gonna get wrecked i
probably connected to what go now I'm
not good of a bug screw this fucking
Roma crumble in video come on you are
kidding me no way oh no no wait what
when chairman to have on your day
Mohammed it's only for protection we
know is fed of nine is enough Destery a
nice
01 I thought I had you there I know I
just thought it's like yeah there's like
no no no yeah we don't know what I
should have done I should have put on
their protection one changes plates I
told you Spencer you know what I die a
ha I know I know that was ridiculous I
yeah it was still pretty good match
sounds good good anyways thank you guys
so much for watching hey it's your outro
you got this my hug sure yeah I do it
God took this episode of me and Rumble
crumble if you like this British fella
make sure with it I know you know you
sound pressure on me back said well 10
by tired may allah SWA an hour ago scrub
you